Installing The Database
Step 1: Proceed to the link "https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/" and select the proper operating system you wish to download mysql onto.
Step 2: After completing step 1 click "Go to Download Page" underneath "Reccomended Download". 
step 3: Once on the next page scroll down and click on the download with the larger file.
step 4: On the page after step 3 you will be asked to sign into your oracle account
you may skip this by scrolling down to and clicking on the text "No thanks,just start my download", a popup may appear asking you to save the file agree and save the file.
step 5: When the initial installation has finish click the installer you have just downloaded to have it initiate the setup process,
a few popus may be presented to you agree to the ones pertaining to the mysql installer.
Step 6: Once you reach the license Agreement it is recomended to read the terms and if you agree click the acceptance check box proceded by the next arrow.
Step 7 : On the next page you will be presented with a list of setup types, it is reccomended to use "Developer Default".
step 8 : When on the "Check Requirements" page you may get an confirmation asking to continueclick yes
we do not use the programs that this will cause you to exclude, click execute.
step 9 :Continue on by clicking next untill "Type and Networking" are reached make sure "Standalone Mysql Server" is selected.
Step 10 : The next "Type and Networking" will let you change server configuration type
Set "Config Type" to development machine, and "TCP/IP" Port Number to 3306.
Step 11 : Next in "Accounts and Roles" assign a root password then click "Add User" add a username of your choosing, leave the rest as default and choose a password to assign to that user. 
Step 12 : Continue through the rest of the pages leaving all as default settings, then when you approach the "Apply Configuration" page click execute.
Step 13 : Again continue through the pages untill you reach "Connect to Server" click "check" on this page to assure the credentials are correct and working.     
Step 14 : On the "Apply Configuration" page click execute, once finished click next.
step 15 : to finish the installation of mysql on the "installation complete page click finish.
Step 16 : Now to install the "On Demand" database loging to your mysql local instance. 
Step 17 : Right click in a blank area in the schemas tab click "create schema".
Step 18 : Name the schema "On Demand" then click apply.
Step 19 : Next insert the data from the officialDB.sql into the sql tab for executing queries and run to create the required tables.
Step 20 : Insert the data from "buisnessData.sql" into the sql tab and execute it.
Step 21 : The last step to installing the "OnDemand DB" is to run the query data from "buisnessQueries.sql" and congratulations you have set up your database. 
